OKTA-352148 .NET > Add content for Blazor in Developer Docs > "Sign i… (#1972)
okta/okta-developer-docs: packages/@okta/vuepress-site/docs/guides/sign-into-spa/define-callback/react/define-route.md

export default App;
```

> Our examples use `login/callback` as a default route path, but you can change this. The route path is used in the next step.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These examples use `login/callback` as a default route path. The route path is used in the next step.
```
If you feel it's important to state that the value for default route path can be changed, you can add `", use a value appropriate to your application"`; I don't feel strongly that this would be better (or worse).

> Your application is responsible for parsing the information Okta sends to this callback route. Our SDKs can do this for you (covered later in <GuideLink link="../handle-callback/">Handle the callback from Okta</GuideLink>). For now, just define the route itself.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Your application is responsible for parsing the information Okta sends to this callback route. Our SDKs do this for you (covered later in <GuideLink link="../handle-callback/">Handle the callback from Okta</GuideLink>). For now, just define the route itself.
```
